[Music]
I want you to imagine that you're a
student in my lab what I want you to do
is to create a biologically inspired
design and so here's the challenge I
want you to help me create a fully 3d
dynamic parameterised contact model
translation of that is could you help me
build a foot and it is the true
challenge and I do want you to help me
of course in the challenge there is a
prize it's not quite the TED Prize but
it is an exclusive t-shirt from our lab
so please send me your ideas about how
to design a foot now if we wanted to
sign a foot what do we have to do if the
first know what a foot is if we go to
the dictionary says it's the lower
extremity of a leg does in direct
contact with the ground and standing or
walking that's the traditional
definition but if you want to really do
research what do you have to do you have
to go to the literature and look about
look up what's known about feet so we go
to the literature you may be familiar
with this literature the problem is
there are many many feet how do you do
this you need to survey off feet and
extract the principles of how they work
and I want you to help me do that in
this next clip as you see this clip look
for principles and also think about
experiments that you might design in
order to understand how a foot works
[Applause]
[Music]
our research on the biomechanics of
animal locomotion has allowed us to make
a blueprint for a foot it's a design
inspired by nature but it's not a copy
of any specific foot you just looked at
but it's a synthesis of the secrets of
many many feet now it turns out that
animals can go anywhere they can local
and on substrates that very as you saw
in the probability of contact a movement
of that surface and the type of
footholds that are present if you want
to study how a foot works we're going to
have to simulate those surfaces or
simulate that debris when we did that
here's a new experiment that we did we
put an animal and had it run this grass
spider on a surface with 99% of the
contact area removed but it didn't even
slow down the animal it's still at
running at the human equivalent of 300
miles per hour
how could it do that well look more
carefully when we slow it down 20 or 50
times you see how the leg is hitting
that simulated debris the leg is acting
as a foot and in fact the animal
contacts other parts of its leg more
frequently than the traditionally
defined foot the foot is distributed
along the whole leg you can do another
experiment where you can take a
cockroach with a foot and you can remove
its foot I'm passing some cockroaches
around take a look at their feet
without a foot here's what it does it
doesn't even slow down it can run the
same speed without even that segment no
problem for the cockroach they can grow
them back if you care how do they do it
look carefully this is slowed down 100
times and watch what it's doing with the
rest of its leg it's acting again as a
distributed foot very effective a
question we had is how general is a
distributed foot and the next behavior
I'll show you of this animal just
stunned us the first time that we saw it
journalist this is off the record
it's embargoed take a look at what that
is
that's a bipedal octopus that's
disguised as a rolling coconut it was
discovered by Christine Hufford and
filmed by C studios right here from
Monterey
we've also described another species of
bipedal octopus this one disguises
itself as floating algae that walks on
two legs and it holds the other arms up
in the air so that it can't be seen and
look what it does with its fret to get
over challenging terrain that uses that
beautiful distributed foot to make it as
if those obstacles are not even they're
truly extraordinary in 1951 a sure made
too strong he thought he created an
animal fantasy but we know that our
imitates life and it turns out Nature
three million years ago evolved the next
animal it's a shrimp like animal called
the stomatopod and here's how it moves
on the beaches of Panama it actually
rolls and it can even roll uphill it's
the ultimate distributed foot its whole
body in this case is acting like its
foot
so if we want to then to our blueprint
add-on the first important feature we
want to add distributed foot contact not
just for the traditional foot but also
the leg and even of a body can this help
us inspire the design of novel robots we
biologically inspired this robot named
Rex built by these extraordinary
engineers over the last few years
Rex's foot started off to be quite
simple then it got tuned over time and
ultimately resulted in this half circle
why is that the video will show you
watch where the robot now contacts its
leg in order to deal with this very
difficult terrain what you'll see in
fact is that it's using that half circle
leg as a distributed foot watch it go
over this you can see it here well on
this debris extraordinary nose sensing
all the control is built right into the
tuned legs really simple but beautiful
now you might have noticed something
else about the animals when they were
running over the terrain and my
assistants going to help me here when
you touch the cockroach playing you get
the microphone for him if you touch the
cockroach leg what did what did you feel
like did you notice something tiny
it's spiny all right it's really spiny
isn't it it sort of hurts maybe we could
give it to our curator and see if he'd
be brave enough to touch the cockroach
did you test yeah so if you look
carefully at this what you see is that
they have spines and until a few weeks
ago no one knew what they did they
assumed that they were for protection
and for sensory structures we found that
there's for something else here's this
segment of that spine they're tuned such
that they easily collapse in one
direction to pull the leg out from
debris but they're stiff in the other
direction
so they can capture the asperities in
the surface now crabs don't miss
footholds because they normally move on
sand until they come to our lab and
where they have a problem with this kind
of mesh because they don't have spines
the crabs are missing spine so they have
a problem in this kind of rough terrain
but of course we can deal with that
because we can produce artificial spines
we can make spines that catch on similan
simulated debris and collapse on removal
to easily put them out we did that by
putting these artificial spines on crabs
as you see here and then we tested them
do we really understand that principle
of tuning the answer is yes this is
slowed down 20 fold and the crab just
zooms across that simulated debris a
[Applause]
little better than nature so to our
blueprint we need to add two in spines
now will this help us think about the
design of more effective climbing robots
well here's Rex Rex has trouble on Rails
on smooth rails as you see here so why
not add a spine my colleagues do this at
UPenn dan cutter check put some steel
nails very simple version on the robot
and here's Rex now going over those
steel those rails no problem how does it
do it let's slow it down and you can see
the spines in action watch the leg come
around and you see grab on right there
you couldn't do that before it would
just slip and get stuck and tip over and
watch again right they're successful now
just because we have a distributed foot
in spines doesn't mean you can climb
vertical surfaces this is really really
difficult
but look at this animal do it one of the
ones I'm passing around is climbing up
this vertical surface that's a smooth
metal plate it's extraordinary how fast
it can do it but if you slow it down you
see something that's quite extraordinary
it's a secret the animal effectively
climbs by slipping and looking and doing
actually terribly with respect to
grabbing on the surface it looks in fact
like it's swimming up the surface you
can actually model that behavior better
as a fluid if you look at it the
distributed foot it actually is working
more like a paddle the same is true when
we looked at this lizard running on
fluidized sin watch its feet it's
actually functioning as a paddle even
though it's interacting with a surface
that we normally think of as a solid
this is not different from what my
former undergraduate discovered when she
figured out how lizards can run on water
itself can you use this to make a better
robot
Martin Bueller did who's now at Boston
Dynamics
he took this idea and may
Rex to the Aqua Rex so here's Rex with
cattle now converted into an incredibly
maneuverable swimming robot for rough
surfaces though animals add claws and
you probably feel them if you've wrapped
it did you touch it I thought it may do
really well like grabbing onto surfaces
with these claws mark Kotowski at
Stanford University one of my
collaborators is an extraordinary
engineer who developed this technique
called shape deposition manufacturing
where he can embed claws right into an
artificial foot and here's the simple
version of a foot for a new robot that
I'll show you in a bit
so to our blueprint let's attach claws
now if we look at animals though to be
really maneuverable on all surfaces the
animals use hybrid mechanisms that
include claws and spines and hairs and
pads and glue and capillaries and whole
bunch of other things these are all from
different insects there's an ant
crawling up over any surface
let's look at that and this is a foot of
an ant you see the hairs and the claws
and this thing here this is what its
foots in the air watch what happens when
it the foot goes onto your sandwich
and see what happens that pad comes out
and that's where the glue is here from
underneath is an ant foot and when the
claws don't dig in that pad
automatically comes out without the ant
doing anything it just extrudes and this
was a hard shot to get I think this is
this is the shot of en foot on the
superstring so it's pretty pretty tough
to it to do this is what it looks like
close up here's the ant foot and there's
the glue and we discovered this glue may
be a interesting two-phase mixture it
certainly helps it to hold on so to our
blueprint we stick on some sticky pads
now you might think for smooth surfaces
we get inspiration here now we have
something better here the geckos a
really great example of nanotechnology
in nature these are its feet they're
almost look alien and the secret which
they stick on with involves their hairy
toes they can run up a surface at a
meter per second take 30 steps in that
one second you can hardly see them if we
slow it down they attach their feet at
eight milliseconds and detach them in 16
milliseconds and when you watch how they
detach it it is bizarre they peel away
from the surface like you peel away a
piece of tape very strange what how do
they stick if you look at the feet they
have leaf like structures called
lamellae with millions of years that
each hair has the worst case of split
ends possible it has a hundred to a
thousand split ends and that's the
secret because it allows intimate
contact the gecko has a billion of these
200 nanometer sized split ends and they
don't stick by glue or they don't work
like velcro or they weren't real suction
we discover they work by intermolecular
forces alone so to our blueprint we
split some hairs
this is inspired the design of the first
self-cleaning drive eesof the patent
issued we're happy to say and here's the
simplest version in nature and here's my
collaborator Ron feelings attempt at an
artificial version of this dry adhesive
made from polyurethane and here's the
first attempt to have it work on some
load there's enormous interest in this
in a variety of different fields you
could think of a thousand possible uses
I'm sure lots of people have and we're
excited about realizing this as a
product we have imagined products for
example this one we imagine a
bio-inspired band-aid where we took the
glue off the band-aid we took some hairs
from molten gecko put three rolls of
them on here and then made this band-aid
this is an undergraduate volunteer we
have 30,000 undergraduates so we can
choose among women exactly actually just
a red red pen mark but it makes me
credible band-aid so it's aerated it can
be peeled off easily that it doesn't
cause any irritation it works underwater
I think this is an extraordinary example
of how curiosity based research we just
wondered how they climbed up something
can lead to things that you could never
imagine it's just an example of why we
need to support curiosity based research
here you are pulling off the band-aid
so we've redefined now what a foot is
the question is can we use these secrets
and to inspire the design of a better
foot a better than one that we see in
nature here's the new project we have
we're trying to create the first
climbing search-and-rescue robot no
suction or magnets that can only move on
limited kinds of surfaces I call the new
robot rise for a robot and scan soil
environment that's a climbing
environment and we have an extraordinary
team of biologists and engineers
creating this robot and here is Rhys
it's six legged and has a tail here it
is on a fence in the tree and here are
Rises first
you have the audio
you're here
and here it is coming up at you and its
first steps up a wall now it's only
using a simplest feet here so this is
very new but we think we got the
dynamics right of the of the robot
market Kowski though is taking it a step
further he's the one able to build this
shape deposition manufacture to feet and
toes the next step is to make compliant
toes and try to add spines and claws and
set it for dried uses so the idea is to
first get the toes and a foot right
attempt to make that climb and
ultimately put it on the robot and
that's exactly what he's done he's built
in fact a climbing foot bot inspired by
nature and here's the cow skin his
amazing students designed so these are
tuned toes there are six of them and
they use the principles that I just
talked about collectively for the
blueprint so this is not using any
suction any glue and it will ultimately
when it's attached to the robot it's
biologically inspired as the ads of the
animal hopefully be able to climb any
kind of surface here you see it the next
going up the side of a building at
Stanford that's it's sped up again it's
it's a foot climbing it's not the whole
robot yet but working out now you can
see how it's attaching these two
structures allow the spines friction
pads and ultimately the adhesive hairs
to grab onto very challenging difficult
surfaces and so they were able to get
this thing this is now sped up 20 times
can you imagine it trying to go up and
rescue somebody at that upper floor okay
you can visualize this now it's not
impossible it's a very challenging task
but more to come later to finish we've
gotten design secrets from nature by
looking at how feet are built we've
learned we should distribute control to
smart parts don't put it all in the
brain but put some of the control into
feet legs and even body the nature uses
hybrid solutions not a single solution
to these problems and they're integrated
and beautifully robust and third we
believe strongly that we do not want to
mimic
nature but instead phoebus be inspired
by biology and use these novel
principles with the best engineering
solutions that are out there to make
potentially something better than nature
so there's a clear message whether you
care about a fundamental basic research
of really interesting bizarre or
wonderful animals or you want to build a
search-and-rescue robot that can help
you in an earthquake or to save someone
in a fire or you care about medicine we
must preserve nature's designs otherwise
these secrets will be lost forever thank
you
[Applause]
[Music]